Bump zwave-js to 11.6.0 and zwave-js-server to 1.30.0 (#3148)
home-assistant/addons: zwave_js/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.85

### New features

> - Z-Wave JS Server: Add support for inclusions that are started outside of Z-Wave JS Server

Reviewer: Does the integration handle this yet?

Author: not yet

- Z-Wave JS Server: Add support for lastSeen property

> - Z-Wave JS: Improve support for "identify" commands

Reviewer: Likewise, has support for this landed in HA already?

Author: not yet

> ### New features
> 
> - Z-Wave JS Server: Add support for inclusions that are started outside of Z-Wave JS Server
> - Z-Wave JS Server: Add support for lastSeen property
> - Z-Wave JS: Improve support for "identify" commands
> - Z-Wave JS: Add API to discover node neighbors
> - Z-Wave JS: Add support for assigning custom return routes and reading previously set priority return routes from cache

Reviewer: Assuming the answer to the other questions is yes, I consider those most relevant. The network management / routing stuff is not exposed in HA:
```suggestion
### New features

- Z-Wave JS Server: Add support for inclusions that are started outside of Z-Wave JS Server
- Z-Wave JS Server: Add support for lastSeen property
- Z-Wave JS: Add support for identifying on request of other nodes
- Z-Wave JS: Improved auto-discovery of config parameters
```

> ### Bug fixes
> 
> - Z-Wave JS Server: Fix hard reset support in Z-Wave JS Server
> - Z-Wave JS: Fix an issue that sometimes occurred when attempting to remove a node from the network
> - Z-Wave JS: Fix handling of incoming S2 multicast commands

Reviewer: These are the ones I consider most interesting
```suggestion
### Bug fixes

- Z-Wave JS Server: Fix hard reset support in Z-Wave JS Server
- Z-Wave JS: Increased OTA update timeout, which can help with firmware updates in busy/unstable networks
- Z-Wave JS: Fixed a crash that could happen when including a device with an inclusion controller
- Z-Wave JS: Improved the automatic removal of factory-reset devices that are slow to leave the network
- Z-Wave JS: Devices that failed to join using SmartStart are now automatically removed
- Z-Wave JS: Fix an issue where Z-Wave JS could get stuck when removing a node from the network failed

```
